[Music]
hey it's master treasure hunter ed have
from here must've already know me I'm
the owner of treasure mountain Metal
Detectors I'm hunting with my buddies
the NRC our diggers today make sure you
check their YouTube channel out in RCR
diggers we just got permission on a 1866
home site which is really cool
Civil War action in the area so let's
see what we find
just got a buffalo Nicky of the you know
RCR Duggars
check out her first coin for the day
nice buffalo nickel ice found this three
ringer cleaned off they're a little bit
a little bit you see the rings there so
our first silver Wharf line of the day
nice definitely fired see what else we
find
[Music]
[Applause]
Midtown there and so it's looking like
it might be some type of token didn't
think if it's gonna be anything good but
let's see what it is
well
[Music]
[Applause]
had a good day digging with the NRC our
diggers today Rick and Nicky and here's
our fine shut your mouth
Rick here found a lot of relics but the
wouldn't he have found a levy there it's
hard to tell have to get that one
cleaned up but this right here could
possibly be a spur he's gonna have to do
a little bit of research on that but uh
could be a really cool sign my fines for
the day couple we deeply teased 1911 and
1929 and couple square nails three ring
or 58 caliber three Ranger fired and
this really cool token right here I have
to do some research on that ten cents SC
AR o SS then Nicki's fives she had a
couple of wheat wheat peonies and a
couple of old shotgun shell caps and her
best fine mr. Buffalo here that's a load
nickel pretty good shape too
hope to hell with him again before they
head back to their hometown so
[Music]